Rename to old "Experimental" API to deprecated in the docs. (#15653)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/deprecated-rest-api-ref.rst

  The experimental REST API is disabled by default. To restore these APIs while migrating to
  the stable REST API, set ``enable_experimental_api`` option in ``[api]`` section to ``True``.

Airflow exposes an REST API. It is available through the webserver. Endpoints are

> available at ``/api/experimental/``.

Reviewer: Maybe add a note that the API is named experiemental only for historical reasons? This section as a whole reads dissociative.

Author: Good call.

> Airflow exposes an REST API. It is available through the webserver. Endpoints are
> available at ``/api/experimental/``.

Author: ```suggestion
Before Airflow 2.0 this REST API was knwon as the "experimental" API, but now that the :ref:`stable REST API <stable-rest-api-ref>` is available, it has been renamed.

The endpoints for this API are available at ``/api/experimental/``.
```

What do you think of this @uranusjr ?

Reviewer: LGTM. How about also edit the `.. versionchanged:: 2.0` block above. It refers to this API as experiemental, and it would make a lot of sense if this new paragraph appears first to explain why that word is used.

Author: Yup, noticed that when editing it locally. Will do.
